new era games games for playstation 3
playstation 4 and xbox one on media
Digg this Post!
here in the video today to give a little
very quick tip that a lot of people do not know
which is perhaps the best weapon without counting the
one-size-fits-all
good is simply the sniper that
almost nobody uses much but she has her
advantages that for example I'm there in the
round on 21 or 22 was she is killing
31 thousand only with shooting so you can
ride to kill one or he with
and with the comb of the gun in the
maximum it has in the neo quantity of
Balls now that I 'm not seeing the video
but she is a very good weapon with the pec
bridge is without foot caput she is good at
I start but then it gets much
bad and I recommend you use it with
damiao should she kill much more
fast and with fewer shots because
When I came back here she'll shoot
the more able she will give that pull
that medium away from it is faster and
her uncle is going to split in two
then it will end up killing more than 3
1 said it's the best she can
kill with a shot and besides that goes
where higher
I think even the 29 she kills with hit
I got to test then why I
I was up until the 26th is doing well
still is a weapon that has until
enough weapons
You kill, it continues, so you save.
in 31a format with a shot then you
It ends up saving a lot of you.
up to a round is something with her and
after that he can change by email
marketing but it is the sea that
I recommend many more if you decide
use a zeal only with teak part because
without it it will not get a little bad
and it will not be such a useful weapon so
so there for round 15 a little bit
far already acted 12 or 13 makes the pet the
police officer that as far as 29 30 she will be
better for you
taking the record shadow of course but
also in a bad thing of her
fahrenheit who ate it most strikingly
one time at a time
it will end up hurting almost thrown
stuck
if you get surrounded by zombies she does not
It will help you a lot because she's lonely.
can shoot it at a time and despite
She kills the actress is a zombie of a
time with only one shot but if you have
surrounded unb if this is going to be a problem
but I hope you have enjoyed it
very useful sea if you would like a
like we would like to have a favorite
and until the next video